OK so before we actually get started writing any code I want to take a moment to highlight a really
important resource which is something called Mozilla Developer Network or MDA and for short.
So to get there I often just end up typing MT-NW as I'm searching something.
So let's say I wanted to know how functions work in javascript.
I might say MT-NW functions and then click on one of these links.
It's just a really really good resource for everything around H.T. Melchior says in Javascript.
So the reason I'm showing it to you is we're going to use it a lot and refer back to it.
It's sort of going to be our encyclopedia of knowledge and examples.
Lots and lots of real developers use MDA and it's an excellent resource for students.
It has lots of tutorials and demos and it's an excellent resource for serious developers who just need
a reference.
While we have it open I'll show you a little bit about it.
So we want to focus mainly on this web platform side of things.
So H M L C Ss and Javascript.
So if you take a look at the HCM page we've got a bunch of things including a reference which we're
going to see in a little bit a guide to each team out and some tutorials and a great introduction.
So I actually recommend that you pause the video here and you read this entire introduction it's not
very long.
It's a great intro to everything that we're going to talk about in the next few videos.
One thing that I always recommend is that you do a little reading before the videos especially for some
of the more advanced topics and newer topics.
Do some reading before them so that when you watch the videos you're able to draw some connections from
something you've already read to something that I'm mentioning or some code that I'm showing you.
So in summary though MDA an excellent excellent resource you could spend hours and hours on here.
We will and the class highly recommend that you just get in the habit of typing MDMA in your Google
searches or going to developer dupped Mozilla dot org.